
Monastery Website sample 

https://demo.tagdiv.com/newspaper_church/



As a member of the information security team you will have the opportunity both to use the skills you already have and build your skills 
in other areas. Using the responsibilities listed in the job description as a guide briefly describe: * Which responsibilities you are 
competent enough to do without guidance and are looking forward to doing at HRW (and why); * Which responsibilities you don’t have 
much/any experience with but would like to do more of (and why); and * Which responsibilities you would rather be primarily handled by 
other team members (and why).


At any given time HRW is actively researching, reporting, and advocating for change in more than 90 countries. In this position you will be required to provide guidance on a variety of threat landscapes that you are unfamiliar with. For the scenario that follows please answer the following questions: * Briefly describe 3-4 risks that you would prioritize understanding and mitigating. * What is some further information you would want from the researcher? * What other information will you need to provide proper guidance, and how would you go about getting that information? How would this change if they needed the answer in a few hours, a few days, a few weeks? * Given only this information, what are the first 4 tangible digital safety practices (interpret as broadly as you like) you would look for, and - if they’re not already being implemented - suggest implementing. Scenario: Two US-based researchers are traveling to “Country X” to investigate allegations of asylum seekers and migrants being tortured, raped, and executed by local security forces in detention centers. They will be spending most of the week in the country interviewing witnesses and victims. The interviewees are primarily being identified before they travel by a local trusted fixer and partner International Non-Governmental Organizations (INGOs) in the area, but they will also be identifying and interviewing additional sources as they arise. Many of the interviews will be recorded by a local freelance videographer that they have hired. They also plan to hold interviews and advocacy meetings with local authorities on the violations. One of the researchers travels to this country somewhat frequently and says that they are likely not going to be denied entry to the country and that they have only been searched by border officials occasionally. The researcher knows that the government censors some websites, and targets local journalists. They are worried about surveillance by local security forces, but they don’t know if, or what level of, surveillance is occurring in the country.


A significant aspect of this job will involve interfacing and coordinating with staff across HRW. HRW's information security program is relatively new and is in the process of integrating appropriate security and privacy into all HRW's processes and technologies. A core requirement of this job will be to build staff trust and support while also ensuring that HRW is responsive to near and far term threats. * Through your experience, how have you managed to build trust with an individual or community of people? What are some of the biggest lessons learned from this experience? * How would you respond to a staff member suggesting/promoting a practice you felt was low-quality or ineffective? * How would you respond to a staff member suggesting/promoting a practice you felt was unethical?


One aspect of the Information Security teams work is to advise and collaborate on technology-focused research and provide support in technology-aided investigations. When considering technical collaboration HRW's other teams must understand what we can do, what types of outputs we can produce, and if the activities are worth prioritizing over non-technical investigations. Pick one of the following examples and briefly outline one way it could be used to help support our Women’s Rights program. Include factors that will help them determine when it is the most appropriate or most effective strategy to use and when it would not be. Keep in mind people with in the program may have no experience dealing with information security. * Malware/incident investigation and analysis * Software security and/or privacy evaluations * Censorship and/or surveillance measurement
